chore: updates for scene migration synchronization performance (#3794)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/components/core/networkobject.md

`NetworkObject.ActiveSceneSynchronization` can be used with `NetworkObject.SceneMigrationSynchronization` as long as you take into consideration that if you migrate a NetworkObject into a non-active scene via `SceneManager.MoveGameObjectToScene` and later change the active scene, then the NetworkObject instance will be automatically migrated to the newly set active scene.

> [!NOTE]
> **Performance Check**<br />

> > The `NetworkObject.SceneMigrationSynchronization` field is enabled by default! If your project can have many (600-1000+) spawned objects at any given time, this setting can cause performance issues. This setting only provides the ability to automatically synchronize the scene a NetworkObject is migrated to while it is spawned. If your `NetworkObject` does not change scenes and you have no need for automatic scene migration synchronization (_only applies when the integration scene management is enabled_), then it is recommended to disable this property to avoid additional processing overheads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `NetworkObject.SceneMigrationSynchronization` field is enabled by default. If your project can have many (600-1000+) spawned objects at any given time, this setting can cause performance issues. Scene migration synchronization only provides the ability to automatically synchronize the scene a NetworkObject is migrated to while it is spawned. If your NetworkObject doesn't change scenes and you have no need for automatic scene migration synchronization (_only applies when the integration scene management is enabled_), then it's recommended to disable this property to avoid additional processing overheads.
```
No exclamation marks, too much personality 😶
